== Hello in Cashplay.co

What you are looking at is test app for everybody who wahts to work with us :) :) :)

Dont worry, first of all what you got in your hands is only plain rails app using rails 4.0.10, so I will bother you with basic setup:

1. fork this repository

2. bundle install

3. For purpose of this demonsration please use rails default DB

== What to do here ?

Please after dealing with one of the points or if doing couple together do a commit with correct name.
If you dont know something, its not a problem, skip it, dont waste too much time on it.
There is no need to spend too much time with UI.

1. install slim gem  and from now on use it for templates

2. App should be able to manage Users, they got name, surname, email, phone

3. Divide users into two groups: Admin, Manager. Admin should be divided. (STI)

4. If you know what bootstrap is, try bootstrap-sass gem to ease your UI work (if not familiar, skip :) )

5. Lets start with simple TODO list. Create CRUD for tasks, as well as marking them as done.
5. BONUS - Would be really nice if I could attach file to task ;)

6. Try to make marking tasks with Ajax (CoffeeScript appreciated, but please do not use convertor like js2.coffe, rather write js, its ok :) )

7. Please use Drag&Drop to change position of tasks.

8. We want tasks to have categories. Crate CRUD for cathegories + allow to choose category for task and display it in TODO list

9. use before filter to display number of undone tasks in layout

10. If devise is a bit familiar, try to create login for admins and managers (together, do not make differences now)

11. We are trying to be correct with this app, so for sure now it misses only tests :) please dont write them, just in Rails.root.join("testing.txt") write how would you go about it :)

12. What would you say this app is missing, any suggestions? Please write all in Rails.root.join("feedback.txt")
